Improving Beyond section (#22499)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/explore/going-beyond-sql/_index.md

  preview:
    identifier: going-beyond-sql
    parent: explore
    weight: 150
type: indexpage
---

> While embracing PostgreSQL is a fundamental aspect of YugabyteDB, it extends PostgreSQL by offering a suite of advanced functionalities that address challenges in today's distributed applications like native asynchronous replication lowered read latency by reading from closer replicas, extending tablespaces to place data in a specific geography, configurable data distribution, built-in connection pooling etc. Let's explore some of these features in detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While embracing PostgreSQL is a fundamental aspect of YugabyteDB, it extends PostgreSQL by offering a suite of advanced functionalities that address challenges in today's distributed applications like native asynchronous replication,  lowered read latency by reading from closer replicas, extending tablespaces to place data in a specific geography, configurable data distribution, built-in connection pooling, and so on. Let's explore some of these features in detail.
```
